hello to you, dan, today tell
how to remove noise from your video noise and
your computer names or else
any microphone noises how to remove them
start you have to record a video and started
you have to keep silent for a while but
it is desirable so it will be better possible
sure of course here I am specifically
silent stood the spot then talk about everything
hi, well, in general, you will understand
here is the lamp us program sony vegas pro
io.ua oak audacity
out as thin air asia correctly
called the link will be the program
scripture and no need to hack it all
mana and then you're not evil in short not
need a key very simple program easy
enjoy good ok now we
take renders allocate only twice
click select all su video click
render
and render to mp3 audit in this format
air injury stand render in this
format with and audio recordings somewhere
move and now go here in this
program click here file
let's open the documents I have it
here is this tooth sound file he
progrugaetsya and we find take a magnifying glass
find wendy doll you were silent excellent
this is the moment here this
this is something about
prevents no file open
here
here is another one who opened 1
we take 5 toe covers from and we approach we look here
and wendy you were silent now take this
track type and highlights them until the end
then we click effects we find here
noise removal here we put such
I have the parameters click to create
noise model
now click select all this thing
click twice or kontrol and then
effects and noise removal effects and
repeatedly removing noise pressed
we are removed
now we will hear what was what
turned out as you can see now is not the noise
Hello dear friends subscribers to
channel especially ns here you heard up
there is no noise and now let's run
I weigh video here start listening
Hello everyone, but there was a little bit here
I hear a noise
I could hear a little computer noise
but still now i deleted now we
take the file just press the file
good luck
so everything is enough nothing more from
you home
file to export but to do it
it is necessary that it is not one here this
button to press the file to export
Now on the desktop in this
format I tried to mp3
It requires a download, but the difference is generally
zero save here ok here we press all
goes to save
this program we close no neither
save it no don't save
open vegas pro
so we are the country of the thing we remove
nose bridge I wear another audio track and
look, that's what happened hello
dear friends, and subscribe to special channel
dance there is no noise
okay i have a studio microphone
the noise is there
use this program too later
it's all cut in this way
cut out
delete delete this here this here and
turns normal video Well I
told you how to remove noise from video with
audio tracks now think you forget
remove noise and your microphone to 100
rubles can do normal
microphone well here on it all i am with you
say goodbye to you was den all good luck and to
see you soon bye